Hi everyone, welcome back to my channel.
Andrea here. I'm a celebrity makeup
artist based in Paris. Today's video is
going to be about products that if they
didn't exist, I would have to invent
them. No, I'm I'm joking. These are some
of my obsessions, and they might be your
obsessions, too. These are products that
truly um I repurchase that really makes
a difference in my life, and they're
just from random categories. I feel like
the last video that I did uh about
random things that I love, you you guys
enjoyed it a lot. So, here are another
seven products that I use on repeat.
We're going to start with
my pillow.
It's been oh my god 4 years, 4 and 1/2
years I've only been sleeping on this
pillow. There is something about this
pillow that I'm um completely addicted
to. This is from a brand called Sleep
and Glow. It's the Omnia pillow. And the
reason why I think I'm so obsessed with
it is because I've truly seen a
difference in my back pain. So, I have
scoliosis. I also have lordosis. My
spine is a mess because of, you know,
the way I sit when I do the makeup. I
also carry my son all the time. And he
is a heavy little boy. And I have to say
this pillow really changed my life. It
is not designed necessarily for you know
having less back pain. However, it truly
helps because of the way you uh my neck
is during the sleep. This pillow makes a
whole difference. So, I will tell you
why I love it. Although I think that by
now I've been talking about this pillow
so much like I've invented it. Everyone
knows that I'm sleeping on this pillow.
So, as you can see, this pillow has a
little bit of a curve. That's what's
really special about it. When you put
your head here, your face is not going
to be smushed on the pillow, and you're
not going to end up having those lines
here. When your face presses against a
normal pillow, your skin naturally
creases. When your skin is creased for
hours every night, those lines will
eventually turn into permanent sleep
wrinkles. With a sleep and glow pillow,
you'll sleep with your skin completely
uncompressed. Now, will you see a
difference like right away? No. This is
just something that maybe you want to
look into it if you're someone who likes
to invest into like long-term beauty and
lifestyle habits. This is not something
that you're going to see any results
right away. I'm not here to tell you
that, oh my god, I've seen results
immediately. No, I think that it's the
small habits that really can improve
your life, your looks, and those habits
that you do every day are really going
to contribute on the long term. However,
the first thing you will notice,
especially if you're like me and if you
have back problems is that you are going
to wake up feeling a lot more rested
with less back pain. And this pillow has
been created by specialists. They've
done a lot of tests and this is proven
to work on diminishing those lines
around your mouth, the nasol label folds
the way they call them. And that's why I
think that this is a great investment
unless I really cannot afford the space
in the luggage. Wherever I'm traveling,
I'm traveling with this pillow so I can
have like that constant good sleep. The
sleep is so important, right? That's
going to be the first thing. I know it's
a little extra, but yes, I am obsessed
with this pillow. Take Wait, are my lips
a little too matte? A little bit of
glow. I always have this next to me.
Better. Next is going to be skincare.
And not just any skincare, but Allies of
Skin in particular, you guys.
I don't have all the products right
here, but this brand changed my life.
This brand took my skin from what I
thought is like that. That's it. That's
the best it could look like. Long story
short, I had acne as an adult. I came to
Paris full of acne, nodular acne, tiny
little bumps, texture, everything.
Right. So, I got rid of the acne with
actually um Bologic Rash and this is a
brand that really helped me to clear my
skin from acne. I was doing um monthly
facials. I also was using uh their
routine at home and it was only bologic
and listen great brand I love it. Uh
still recommend it to this day. Years
later you know after I understood so
much more about skin I realized that you
know all the texture that I still had
all the acne scars. I have a lot of acne
scars. All my super large pores and I
have enlarged pores because first I have
combination skin and second age. You
know pores do get bigger with age. So I
thought I I kind of like just accepted
it and I told you many many times I have
not tried any procedures for my face. Uh
and what I mean by procedure I don't
mean surgery. I mean in office
treatments such as PRP or laser even
micro needling. I'm just a sucker for
pain. So I haven't started any of these
routines yet just yet. However, I've
discovered allies of skin about 2 years
ago, I think. Yeah, it was about 2 years
ago. And it just changed my skin. Do I
use allies of skin only in my skincare
routine? No, I don't because I have so
many other products that I have to try
and there are so many other products
that I love. But this brand, especially
their serums, their serums, even their
daily treatment, I'm obsessed with the
eye cream. This brand resolves problems
in a way that no other brand ever did.
Like if you're looking for innovation,
if you're looking for something that
will really change your skin, taking it
from good to exceptional, you're going
to invest in Allies of Skin. And I'm
telling you this as I am talking with
like my best friend, this is really
working. One thing that you should
understand about Allies of Skin in any
other skincare brand is that you need to
do a little bit of research to
understand what will work for you. what
is your skin actually needing? Because I
will tell you my routine in full
honesty, I didn't do it myself. I was
asking Nicholas uh who's the founder of
Allies of Skin. I've met him. He has
incredible skin and a story that is like
he should write a book. He had an
accident. You know what? I'm not I'm not
the one that I should talk about other
people people's stories. I think he has
um talked about it online. But the thing
is that he had terrible terrible marks
on his face and uh this is how he got
into skincare from a real need into like
resolving this problem and he was the
one who helped me find my routine after
I've tested quite a lot of products from
them. Like I'm obsessed with this. The
cleanser is very good. I also love that
the packaging is very very user
friendly. like you just push the product
comes out and their serums you can mix
them together to do your perfect
routine. Like for example, I use the
growth factor serum. This is the
multipeptides and growth factor advanced
lifting serum. I mix this with their
dark spots serum and their what is it
called? You know what? I'm going to put
here the all the serums. I'm going to
film them. Uh, and I'm going to put here
the serums exactly that I mixed them for
a routine that I believe it's what took
my skin from looking good to looking
really good. My skin is not perfect.
However, I've seen major major results
from Allies of Skin. And this is not
sponsored by Allies, okay? This is not
sponsored by Allies. I have worked with
them before. I love them. I genuinely
appreciate and use their products. So,
that's why they're in this video. And
around this time, I don't know when I'm
going to post this video, but around
this time, usually uh end of November
around like Black Friday, they have the
biggest sale. And that's when everything
goes uh on sale for 30% off, which is
fantastic. Listen, if you have the
chance to get these products with 30%
off, get them. You're not going to
regret. And if you want, please let me
know in the comments. I can give you
guys a breakdown of the products that I
love and why I love them and how they
reacted on my skin. Now, I'm not a
doctor, okay? So, I cannot like
prescribe you anything, but I can tell
you what worked for me. Next, I know
it's so random, but it's this spray. I
was thinking about, okay, what is the
one thing or like a few things in my
makeup kit that I will always always
either have someone buying it for me or
I purchase it myself. One size setting
spray is maybe not something that I will
use every day, but this is the product
that I reach for whenever I go out,
whenever I want my makeup to last
impeccably. Like there is nothing like
this spray. I'm obsessed with this
spray. Like I said, we don't have it in
France. Um, so whenever I go to the US
or someone is coming from the US, I
always ask them to get me at least like
five of these. I use them for myself. if
I use them uh on my clients. And guess
what? One size is coming to France,
guys. I'm so excited. I'm so excited.
And I will show you why I love this
product. So, I'm going to take some
eyeshadow by the way. How cute is this
palette? This is the RM Beauty. Um they
did a collection with uh wig it. So, I'm
going to put the eyeshadow right here.
And now let me show you.
Let me show you. Let it dry.
I got you a little bit closer. Okay. Cuz
I wanted you to see this.
Nothing. Nothing. Look, guys. It is not
moving anywhere. This is like gloo for
your makeup. So, if you really want your
makeup to stay put, no matter what it
is, eyes shadow, um foundation, whatever
it is, you're going to use this product.
Like, listen, it it has a hard time uh
being taken off even with makeup
remover. I'm obsessed with this and as a
professional makeup artist, I need
something that I can rely on. So, yes,
this is going to be my ride or die. I
hope this is not confusing, but the next
product is also a spray, but this time
it's the first spray serum from Daba.
This is my second bottle and it's
already like half empty in less than 2
months. Guys, when I tell you the
obsession is real, the obsession is for
real. The only thing that bothers me
about this is that they don't have a
smaller version, one that you know, like
really small version that you could put
in your bag because this is too big for
my bag. So, here's the thing. You know
how your makeup throughout the day,
especially if you have combination skin
or dry skin, you know how your makeup
starts to look like a little bit dry,
especially when you sit too much inside,
you have this heating system, and you
use powder and everything. This is going
to solve all your problems. So, do you
see this little bit of a glow that I
have? It's from this. This morning, I
did my makeup and I did a full beat when
it comes to my complexion. Like, I
literally used so much powder because I
have so I have client after I'm filming
this video, I have to go to my client
and then after my client, my assistant
is going to come take my makeup kit and
I'm going to go to a birthday party and
I have no time in between to do any
touch-ups. everything has to go like
from one place to another. So, I set my
makeup really really well this morning,
but I'm not going to lie, it does feel a
little bit dry and tight throughout the
day, especially like after around 5 6
hours of sitting inside. You're going to
mix this.
When I tell you this is never going to
look too oily or like weird. And then I
take a brush just to make sure I don't
have any like little drops. Although I
have to say the spray is really nice.
The spray is really, really nice. Now I
have the hydration, but it does not mess
with your makeup. That's the whole point
about this product. It does not mess
with your makeup. It gives you a glow,
but it's like it's not like a greasy
glow. You know what I'm saying? Also,
one thing that I do, for example, which
takes me to my next product, Nars Soft
Matte Complete Concealer. This is not a
new product. I've started to reuse it
probably last year and I'm kind of
obsessed with this. Sometimes it can be
dry on me cuz the skin it's a living
organ. It's not going to be the same
today as it's going to be next week. And
sometimes this is truly dry. What I like
to do is first mix,
spray the brush,
dip it into my concealer or dip it into
the concealer and then spray and then
apply. Guys, it makes the whole
difference. It makes the whole
difference when I tell you that this
spray has my heart. I thought it's just
a hype. I saw it everywhere. I saw it on
Tik Tok. I saw it everywhere, right?
Everyone talks about this spray cuz it's
also not expensive. I guess one of the
reasons why everybody's obsessed with
this because a lot of people can afford
this. It's so good. The hype is real.
And this is, like I said, this is my
next kind of like obsession. I know this
is not a new product on the market.
Nars, in my opinion, and I take
responsibility for what I'm about to
say, there's no brand that has a better
complexion selection than Nars. There is
nothing at Nars that you cannot find
when it comes to complexion especially.
You have that extraordinary foundation,
the light reflecting foundation. You
have radiant creamy concealer which is
the best concealer of all times. You
have the soft matte. You have the
natural radiant foundation. Lagouna
bronzer. Orgasm blushes. The multiple is
extraordinary. Like truly
complexion-wise, Nars is a fantastic
brand. And not only not just for
complexion, but I'm just saying like
especially complexion. So yeah, somebody
should make an award, especially for the
Nars soft matte concealer. I feel like
I'm not giving enough love to this next
product. Or maybe I don't realize. Refer
brushes are the extension of my right
hand. Refer brushes are part of me now.
I am so grateful to Tom who is the
founder of Refer. I I cannot be more
grateful for
having the best brushes on the market.
So something you should know about
Reffer is that it is a brand created by
a guy who is into tech. He's not at all
into beauty. He just is a nerd and he
wanted to create a fantastic product and
the way he wanted to create a fantastic
product is by asking questions. So he
started the brushes in already they're
doing the brushes in Kumano and Japan
which you know already is like a very
good start but then he gave all these
brushes to makeup artists all over the
world and he would travel guys I
remember it was I was living in my first
apartment when I got to Paris and that's
when I met Tom and he called me he's
like hey you know I'm in Paris I have a
product that I would like to show you
and Tom is this very tall Asian guy,
very charming, and I quickly realized he
has nothing to do with the beauty world,
but he has this attitude of I have this
product. I want to make it better. So,
he gave me the brushes. I started to use
it. It was already fantastic, but then
as the time went by, he listened to
every single one of his makeup artist
friends or the customer. He's just the
team cuz now it's not just him. The team
is the best team at listening what the
customer has to say about a product. If
you have any problems with the brushes,
they will immediately replace them. No
questions asked. They have the best
customer service ever. And these brushes
became my number one brush. There is
nothing like refer brushes. I cannot
envision going to any jobs without them.
I use them for myself. They are
exceptionally made at what I think it's
actually a really good price compared
with what you're getting. Brushes,
especially good brushes, you're going to
have them for years. And when I say
years, I don't mean 2, three years. I
mean if you know how to take care of
your brushes, you're going to have them
for like 10 plus years. So, shout out to
Refer. Again, I'll put a list with the
brushes that I love the most and use the
most from them. Last product is no
surprise, I think, the House Labs
Contour. I Yes, it's a random product to
talk about in seven products I cannot
live without, right? But this is so
good, guys. This is so good. As a makeup
artist, you know, when you find a
product that really answers all of your
needs, you become obsessed. I normally
did not use contour every day. House
Labs made me use contour every day
because this is the most natural. It's
the most realistic contour you will ever
put on your face. It's a true contour.
Okay, everyone asks me and compares it
with Wismanatilier. Wismanatellier has
first of all, the color range is
completely different. That one is a
fantastic product as well. One does not
replace the other. In my opinion, House
Labs because it's such a new product,
right? Understood immediately, okay,
where are we using contour? We're using
contour under the cheeks. We're using
contour on the nose, around the lips.
So, they immediately understood that it
doesn't have to be like a big stick. So,
they've created these contour bombs that
are so small and so good. Victoria
Beckham also had their contour sticks
the looked like a pencil but in my
opinion they were just a little bit too
small. Great concept though great
concept. I think this is just in between
is that in between like West Mantelier
and Victoria Beckham beauty. But where
they really hit the jackpot for me at
least is when it comes to the colors.
The colors are true contour colors. My
shade is angle. Another thing that I
also love about them is that they're so
user friendly. So, this is not maybe you
would think that, okay, this is a
product that maybe only makeup artists
can use. No, everyone can use this
because as you blend it, it's just so
easy to blend. You can blend it with
your fingers. Look, it doesn't look
patchy. It's so easy to blend. It's very
creamy at first, but it has this ability
that after like a minute you apply it,
it's so velvety. It stays put. It's so
longlasting as well. I think they really
hit the jackpot with this uh product and
I'm going to keep on talking about it
because I generally use this every
single day. And that concludes my list
for today's video. Oh, and if you were
wondering what's on my eyes, what's on
my eyes? What's in my eyes? What's my
eyes? Did you see that? You did. I knew
you would. I knew you would. It's this.
It's this from Violet. It's their newest
eyeliner. It's called Lun eyeliner after
Violet's daughter. Her name is Lun. This
is inspired by like the moon and the
light that the moon is giving. And I'm
obsessed with this color in particular.
They also have this. They also have
this. I don't have all the shades. I
only have these three. And I think that
this purple that actually turns green in
certain lights, it's just gorgeous. Let
me know in the comments if there is
anything that I've talked about that you
already use and love. And what are your
three top products, beauty products
obviously, that you cannot live without?
It could be your hairbrush, it could be
your nail polish, it could be your
eyebrow gel, I don't know. Whatever it
is, whatever it is, I would love to
know. Thank you so much for watching and
I'll see you guys in my next one.